Control KC for commit.
K for king, C for cat.
Oh control KC control KC.
OK.
I see it will become hashtags, right?
Comment, comment.
To comment all the things.
Now it is commented right?
It will not execute.
Now if you run it again, see nothing.
Right. So now we have comment.
We are going to write here only one more
program.
So the earlier program we don't want to
use, just I comment it.
You can read out later on. Fine.
So now I'm going to write here, let's say.
Here it is.
No one.
Is equal to.
Uh, we have rate input.
First number what do we have right?
First number.
Then we are at number 2.
Input.
Second number.
So we are going to discuss the operator,
arithmetic operator rate plus minus
multiply. You all know that means.
So here we are rate sum is equal to num
one.
Plus NUM 2 what it will do it will add
both the numbers number one and NUM 2
plus means it will add this one.
So here is so print.
Result after adding.
No one.
And #2.
Is equal to Vexel St. so.
Let me explain what it will do.
See all of you the online.
Also we have right here number one.
We are going to take the first number
from the user.
Whatever number user will insert,
it will store inside this number one
variable right?
Then the second number whatever the user
will insert.
It will store inside the the second one,
the num two.
We have declare here sum so we will add
the first number and 2nd number.
So whatever the result of adding first
and 2nd it will store inside sum.
Right. You can write some more.
Let me write result.
Just the result.
So it will show inside the result.
We want to display here the result right?
So we have rated result after adding
number one and Num 2 is equal to whatever
the result will come.
So here what we have rate Python taking
input.
Let me just write here 4 and here I write
5 so result after. OK, I got it.
CLS let will be so because these are the
string right.
What now, who should be?
We want number so you write int.
You have to convert to the integer, right?
Otherwise it'll be concatenate the
strings. So here is.
First number is let's say 34,
second number is 12, so 34 and 12 is 46.
So this this is adding two numbers.
You can take any 2 numbers and it will
add these two numbers and give you the
results.
Got it.
This one is F everyone bring F You see
this one is this F is for formatting.
See we want this. Let me remove this.
Here is view.
See what it say. Num one and Num 2 result.
You see this output right now without F
So what we want to do,
we want to inform it that the take is a
formatting things.
The format will take.
So whatever we have right in curly braces,
it will show the value of that one.
It will show you the value of that one.
So here in place of number one,
it will show you the value of number one,
that is the number you have entered.
For example you have entered.
34 so it will show you the 34 and
whatever 12 so it will show you the 12.
If you will not write F it will show you
number one and number two three yes so.
F is for formatting this.
So here the first number for example you
have right five.
Now you have read the second number you
are right 12.
So here the format result after adding
five and 12 is 17. Got it.
I'm running it again.
The first number I have entered,
let's say 13.
The second number I have entered here 56.
So here's the result after adding 13 and
56 is this one.
Right.
And if you want, once you are writing,
you want some spaces,
so you can write this way back slash T.
Right, so if you run it now.
First number 55,
second number is 15 and the result after
adding 45 and 15 is 60.
Mhm.
Good.
Done all of you.
No issue, no issue. We'll take your time.
In case you're stuck somewhere,
you need any help,
you can ask or if it's OK, you'll do it.
See.
Yes, please.
For that, for this.
OK, OK I I got it. What you are asking.
See here the command that we already have
used.
We can use here the up key the your
keyboard have these arrow, up arrow,
down arrow, right. So use the up arrow.
This up arrow you will show you the
command that you already have used.
Right last you have you so you write here.
For example I'm writing here the Python
taking enter so I need not write it again.
You got it.
So because we already have read that
command,
we just press the app key so it will give
you the command.
For example this CLS clear scanner view.
So it's all cleared.
Now I've used the app key that it will
come out the Python taking input by here
we have read the first number so every
time you have no.
Write it again and again.
You already have type it so you can use
it from right?
Thanks for this question because it
really helps to others as well.
Then after this means all of you done up
to this level. Yes, you already.
So if if you want to do the see what I'm
doing is I have.
Uh.
Copy it.
To copy you press control C and to
comment you will press control KC.
So I have copied and I have pasted it
here again.
Control C If you want to multiply 2
number what do we want to do? Multiply.
So what we have to do in this case
multiply 2 numbers.
This time I want to multiply fuzzy.
I want to multiply these two number.
OK.
I have asked enter the first number,
enter the second number.
And result after.
Multiplication.
Multiplication is equal to this one.
So what we have to do where we have to do
the change?
Any idea I'm asking to you see this this
one? Yes,
this one is the plus is place of this one.
We'll write this asterisk the star so
Mhm.
that will it will multiply the number.
We are taking the first number,
we are taking the second number and we
have multiplied.
So the first one is your addition.
This plus sign is addition.
This is multiplication.
So now ELSI have run it again.
So first number we have right here,
let's say 12.
The second number I have right here 5.
Yes.
So here the result after multiplication
is 12 into 5 is equal to 60. Got it.
So once I resolve it's not blue.
Sorry your result is not blue.
But your program is working.
Number one and #2 is blue but but result
is not blue in your one.
Mhm.
Yes.
Is your program is working or not working?
No.
I will come in. So we'll do it.
So you got it. The multiplication.
If you want to multiply, we will do this.
This is the multiplication.
Mhm.
Good.
So you are running because you have the
wrong parenthesis. It should be.
What does me?
Mhm.
OK.
This will this will.
You have to do this way,
but it is this one.
Is that another difference?
This one is this one. This is probably.
Thank you.
So in the multiply you will do what?
Oh, they might.
I still get the multiplication.
I already put like this,
Thank you.
multiply the number and then I put this.
Yes.
We'll have to change everything they
should have doing the same.
Sensions.
Sorry, you said.
So if I want to generate this,
OK.
can you teach me that?
I want to generate the first, the first.
Right.
I have to. I did it right. Let's see.
What do you have? Just a minute.
I want you to.
You want to generate the data? Yeah,
the data. Yeah, it's data. Well,
you don't copy.
This one is it's working right?
OK.
We do want it to,
so it is done by the first.
Yeah.
M.
PY wish, PY wish.
So.
You want to teach your ad, right?
Then put it.
We can do that.
Yes.
So I copy key.
I think this is the first number.
This is the second number, right?
I have to just just what is this sub key?
OK. OK. OK. So let's see. OK, maybe 6K.
OK.
So you've been thinking what it's not so
I have to.
OK, this. OK, this.
Control C Control PC.
She and see.
So,
so I have to put down the online paper.
So I have to put the where do you want to
pass?
When you want to OK, Papa.
And the right case,
so just change this +2 stop.
So I have no place to start and just
change.
Stop.
Sorry.
Uh, but here. I see. I don't know.
I want to. I see. OK, OK, OK.
OK. Thank you. Yes,
control DC to the next step to make it
green.
Go and bring it, rewrite it and comment.
Yeah.
I'm angry.
Mhm.
OK, so you have seen the multiplication,
you have seen the this one.
Similarly you have if you have the
division, you will leave the division one.
Let me show you just you have copy this
one controls. Let me just.
Control C.
Control C copy Control KC.
I have commented this and I have pasted
it here again.
Uh, Control V here is.
Division example.
Division example you want to divide the
number #1 #2 result.
Here is a NUM 1 by NUM 2 result after.
Dividing.
Number one by.
Nam 2.
OK.
Oh, this one.
This is known as arithmetic operator.
This is these are operators,
arithmetic operator plus minus multiply
division, right? So the division you want.
So see here the first number,
second number.
You have divide the first number by
second number.
You'll go here view terminal.
Done this one you can do will go your
view terminal.
So here let me just run it again.
First number I have it, let's say 6.
The second number I write 2.
So the result after dividing 6 by 2 is 3.
Right. Shall we do it fast?
Yeah.
Mhm.
With an example now one more if you want
to find out the uh this one.
Reminder I will find out. So here is.
Done this one, Dave. Example.
Dave is in one control KC.
I have commented. I paste it here.
Uh, here is it.
Finding.
Right. So yeah, the first number,
second number.
Here it is.
Remainder after dividing num one by num 2.
So here is.
Taking input first number 34,
second number is 6,
so 6 / 30 words 65 the 30 remaining is 4.
Let's say 21 / 5.
So 21 we have divided by 5,
Listen.
the remaining is the remaining right?
So for that we will use this percentile
sign.
Do it.
Then I will show you one more thing.
Do it fast.
Yes.
Hmm.
And check. Oh, OK, you can.
OK.
Hello.
Yes.
With us, your mic is on.
Are you asking anything?
Yes,
I want to ask for the division example
If you are asking, yes please.
why the result is in floating number 3.0.
Mhm.
Because the result we have not declare
any data type,
so it will take you the default one.
Oh.
If you want, if you want integer,
you have to convert it to the integer,
Oh, OK.
right?
OK.
Uh, usually for floating number. Uh,
it will show how many decimal places.
Right.
The floating number it will give you
right?
Because we have divided the integer by
integer,
so it will give you the floating number.
If you want only an integer,
so you have to convert it to the int.
Mhm.
Here you can write int.
For example this one you write int so it
will be integer only in the division you
will write before that int so it will not
OK.
give you 3.1.
Let me show you that.
OK.
Just.
This one is reminder.
I have command to this control KC and
there is control CI am writing it control
V You have command to this one.
Control.
See see right now see saying that it's
showing here is the first number you have
right 6 / 2. It's giving 3.0 right 3.0.
You want this three only so end.
You have right here.
Now you have run the same thing.
Here is the first number 6,
the second number is 3,
so here is the two, right?
It's not to give you that zero.
You can run it again. For example,
first number is 6, the second number is 2.
This is 3 if you want an integer, got it?
The default it will be in the decimal.
Yes.
If you don't want the decimal point,
you want to convert it,
so you have to write it this way.
Yes.
He have asked one question too that's the
answer of that question.
So let me just comment this control KC.
So these guys are doing this reminder one.
So you will complete this please control
KC.
Yeah.
8.
Thank you.
It's probably OK.
OK.
Yes.
This evening.
Then all of you.
Yes or no if you don't want.
Then this one you saw no.
I'm going slow.
Huh. No, no. What happened? Hello.
Syntax error. Syntax error. What error?
Syntax error. Syntax.
I already opened this and I just changed
the review. Now I want to set up screen.
Yeah, that's it. That's it. Sorry. Oh, oh,
OK.
Chin picture.
So I have to call to CK, right?
I'm sorry. I like this. I like this.
I like this. OK, so.
Oh, we press it double. OK, I I like it.
I did try. OK.
Oh, sorry.
I don't have to do that. I don't think,
but to possibly.
I'll find what you're doing.
It lets me do it then.
OK,
I'll give you some reminders that you
have divided number by the number, just.
12 Uh, I want to divide it into five.
I see.
So that means the number cannot be
created from the number that you want to
provide, right? Right. OK, I understand.
I understand. I can make sure. OK, uh.
See here one question I'm going to ask
you now.
See here I'm going to take 2 numbers from
the user.
Fine.
So how we will do if you want to write it
in one line so we can write this one as
well.
So let me write here taking two numbers
in taking.
More than one input and this is the
example of taking one more than one input.
Using single line more than one input.
For example we want to take num one.
Numb 2.
Here we write.
Input.
Enter.
2 numbers.
Separated.
By space.
Omar, we have right here spilled.
What do I write? Spilled.
Here is the print.
Number.
Entered by group R.
Number one.
And.
#2
Numbers.
Here it is.
It is your less.
Here we want to do this one.
So here's the first we have run the
program.
First number we have rate 45 space 56.
So numbers entered by you are 45 and 56.
Mhm.
So we can take the multiple numbers in
one go,
for example 2345 as many as you want.
You write first number,
you write the space,
you write the second number, right?
Got it? No.
OK, done. First we'll do it.
So what we have want number one and
number two enter 2 numbers separated by
space and then we have used the split and
the numbers you have entered.
For example we have run it now.
So here the first number we have read,
let's say 55.
Then we have read the space and I have
read the 12. So first number is.
55 and second number is 12.
2.
Sir,
should we put integer before the input?
Yes,
if you want to to take then integer only,
it's this time it's taking the string
format, right?
You want integer right here int.
This is.
Indig.
Here is the integer.
It's not converting it.
This one is just the string form it will
take spread.
Now if you want to convert,
you can take the number,
you can convert it to integer and do the
calculation.
Right.
Plus.
And number.
You want to do the result?
And.
Addition of numbers.
We have right here result.
Is it fine now?
See this.
And the two numbers 34.
123.
OK, if you want to do this,
you can do that.
We don't need to do the input,
so you can take multiple numbers in one
book.
Clear now with those.
Yes, yes.
So Sharifa,
what issue you have on your machine?
Every was separated.
I think I didn't install it correctly,
so I am so left behind.
Very.
OK, uh.
Uh see but but I understand what the the
the coding like.
This is his team. OK,
so you you are you able to share your
screen?
Would you please share your screen?
OK,
I'm I'm using my my phone to to your your
Mhm.
class and I'm using and then I'm using
the code using my laptop so.
The laptop you you have the you have the
Mac OS or Windows?
Uh, Windows.
Windows. OK, see guys, I'm helping her.
She have the issue while installing the
this Python.
So you please bear this 5 minutes.
I'm just helping.
She have to send one message because
she's stuck somewhere. Anyway, no issue.
So you have the windows, right?
OK.
So in Windows, uh,
you will open the Visual Studio code,
right?
Listen, all of you,
I'm telling to her only, right?
So just to help her,
you have opened the Visual Studio code.
OK, I I think what I can do is I will,
I will,
I will join my join this team using my
laptop. I think that would be easier,
would it?
Absolutely, absolutely. You can do that.
That will be really helpful.
Yeah. OK. So OK.
And then can I suggest something?
Since this is lunch time,
maybe you can just have a break and then
maybe you can help me with, you know,
yeah, with with this install.
'Cause right now it's lunchtime,
so we don't have to put the others on
OK, fine, fine. So no problem.
Once you will come back that time we can
hold.
discuss this. Is it fine?
Yeah. OK. So, so, OK, so.
So after lunch I will check with us.
So guys,
this is lunch break for all of you.
After one hour we will be here again.
Fine.
So this 130 to 2:30 you have the break,
right?
This is 13230 you will be here again.
So it's 35,
so you'll come back by 35 ratio.
OK. Uh, so yes.
OK. Thank you, Sir.
Yes, who's there?
No, no, I thank. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
OK, so where? Hang on,
let me show you the screen that I have.
Yeah, let me stop.
OK, so I've been.
Yeah, you guys can go for lunch break,
right?
Share screen.
Just a second. Just a second. Let me just.
I'm not familiar with teams, so hang on,
let me.
No, no, no problem, no problem. See here.
Here is in the top there is chat,
people raise and react.
The share is the last before leave.
Yeah.
There is the share button.
You click on that one.
OK.
See here the share share button.
Yeah. Hang on. Hang on. Um.
Visual OK, hang on.
So can you see?
Yes, yes, I can see now.
Now how you maximize it. You'll go here,
Yeah.
view, click on view, file,
edit view at the top view,
View.
click on terminal.
OK, OK.
Terminal last one.
Last one, OK.
Forward open here let Python.
So I.
Uh, Python.
OK.
Space.
That's you have press and OK, uh,
you have the version. OK, right Q.
Quit quit QQ.
Say again.
Q.
Now just give you right here enter.
Q.
Enter.
You have to close this one.
So your Python is working fine.
You close this terminal.
The delete button is there, just delete.
OK.
Club.
Quit. You write. Quit. Quit. You write.
Quit here. Quit. QUIT. Just quit.
Uh.
Oh, I see. OK, QUIT.
Enter. Fine.
You you will add here by you will go here.
And then.
Uh, file. Go to the file.
I will go away.
Why you?
Top file, top file, not right here.
Just go to the file, edit view, file menu.
Oh, oh, I see. OK, OK, OK.
OK file.
Open folder.
You open the folder where you want to
create the the this one or you can create
a new folder wherever you want to create
the project.
OK.
OK, so the new folder.
Oh, you any name?
Say again?
Give a name this folder whatever name.
If your name so ILML say OK.
It's fine, you select this.
OK, alright.
No, yes, I trust the other, yes.
OK.
Now right here new file in the I IML like
new file. Go go there. Go to this folder.
Here the first one. Here are the icons.
You choose the first one.
Oh, this one. I see. OK, this one.
In this one. In this one you'll open it,
open open this folder.
Mhm.
Open it.
Here the first icon, the first one.
The first one this create new file.
The first little.
Here are 3/4 icon no here 541 is this
plus sign one. Just click on that one.
Create a new phone.
You mean here?
Yes, this one. Click new file.
New file.
Give the name first dot PY right first.
Don BY.
Yes dot PY yes double click open it.
Double click on this one. Yes enter.
OK.
Double click open this.
Press enter.
Enter.
OK, yes, here in the left hand side,
right here, print. Uh.
Let me here.
Here in in this in this file inside the
file first the line #2 is written here
So.
But he said this.
you write print.
Mint.
Print in in double quotes.
You will write welcome to Python.
OK, done.
OK.
Welcome to Python in double quotes, right?
Welcome to Python.
That's it. Now I'll go, go,
go to the terminal, view terminal.
Yeah, correct.
View the where? Oh, view the OK, OK.
Your file.
But before you go to the terminal,
you will do one more thing.
You will go to the file,
go to the file again, file to file.
OK.
Click click on this one.
Check this autosave.
Please.
Click on autosave near the autosave
option.
OK.
Yes, clip fine.
Now you you will you will go to the
terminal view terminal.
You think you know?
View terminal again, view terminal.
The terminal is open.
Oh, OK. Beautemina, OK.
Here we write Python Python space first
dot py.
Right then. Mhm.
Space first, not by. Is that OK?
First.py you're fine. Yes, press enter,
enter. That's it.
OK and and and again.
That's it. It's working.
Welcome to Python.
Oh.
Your Python is working fine. Pardon.
Oh, I see. OK, OK,
so so I'm my my installation is fine.
No, no, it's fine. It's perfectly fine.
OK, OK, OK. All right, so.
The rest rest code you can write here,
right? I'm sharing the code.
Good.
The last one we have done.
I'm sharing in the chat.
Mhm.
OK. OK. I will. All right. All right.
Thank you, Sir. OK. OK.
You can try all this stuff.
Control C You're most welcome.
I have shared in the chat.
You can try this code. Thank you. OK.
Alright, I will. Alright.
Thank you so much.
You're most welcome.
I'm also going for the break now, guys,
so let's meet after one hour. Fine.
OK. Thank you.
It's fine. Uh, I'm going to start now.
They saw them to join all of them.
Uh.
Hello.
Rebecc,
all of you see we we were discussing
about the input and simultaneously we
have seen the operators. So the operators,
we have the arithmetic operators.
So arithmetic operators we have seen.
Plus, minus, asterix and division, right?
And we have seen one more,
the modulus that is giving you the
reminder, right?
So these operators we have seen.
Understood.
Sorry, sorry, extremely. It's OK.
I thought it's working anyway.
If you want,
you can switch off the switch.
Oh yes, I'm sharing the screen.
So guys,
is this screen uh visible to all of you
online?
So operators in Python,
we have seen the arithmetic,
we have seen the plus, we have seen minus,
we have seen asterisk,
Yeah.
we have seen the division,
we have seen the modulus that give you
the reminder. The next one is assignment.
And.
So you have right here.
You have right here. For example,
you have right this one.
Username equal to input.
This is known as assignment operator.
It's not equal to.
To check the equality we use equal to
equal to.
We have write twice equal to equal to
that come under the logical operator.
So assignment means it's assigning the
value.
For example,
you are right username equal to your
right 71256.
That means you have assigned the username
71256.
You have right number one and you have
given the value 25 so that is assignment
operator. The next one is plus equal to.
You have write the value plus this one
and minus equal to.
For example let me show you here.
Let me create one more file here.
Right click here new file and I have
given the name to this one is operator
dot PY.
Fine, you can give any name.
Uh.
Operators dot PY. You can give any name,
whatever the name you want to give.
I've given operators dot PY.
Here we are right.
Num one is equal to.
20 Well, let me write number one.
Int let's say plot.
Input.
Enter.
You are for entered product price.
Enter product price.
Whatever the price user have entered,
we have assigned to this one.
Let me give the name to this one is price.
We have assigned to the price.
So the user have entered the price,
we have assigned to price.
No, we have right here.
Discount.
Is equal to price.
Pin to.
0.
10 so 10% is the discount we have right
here. See here we have display.
Discounted price.
Discounted price I have right this price
is a discounted price is equal to.
Price minus discount.
You'll later this one, right?
Here it is.
Print.
Price.
Rise.
Discount.
Discounted price.
This price.
OK, what is 10? Where 10 is new line?
It is for new line, let's say new line.
So this one is the assignment operator,
right? You have assigned the values.
We'll go here.
View terminal.
I have right here.
Right then.
Operators.
dot PY under amount price for example
this is 2000.
Discounted 200, discounted price is 1800.
Do we double s? Oh, let me change. Sorry,
it will be a double N, right?
It will be the double slash right N,
right? No, no single this this one.
See here we are right price.
Price will go here,
then next line we won't discount,
so we are right. Excellent.
N means go to the new line,
then we are right next line,
go to the new line. You got it? OK.
And now to this world.
Space is not required.
Because in first line we want to display
the price.
In the second line we want to display.
Let's say this is 5000 for example.
So first line is the price,
second line is discount and the third
line is this third line is discounted
price.
Yes.
Go ahead.
Done. So this is equal to.
You understand that is assigning the
value.
Now let's go plus equal to and minus
equal to right in done up to this level.
I have comment to this one.
You can't print. Yeah, I see the switch.
No.
Yeah.
But.
You need someone about that.
To.
Yeah, that's right. That's right.
Next, David, Carl,
is this card because I'm really sorry.
But you don't like take a little bit of
the query to commit this.
I'll read this so.
Now the other two operators plus equal to
minus equal to equal to.
I already shown you,
so let's see the plus equal to and minus
equal to.
So we are discussing the assignment
operator,
the arithmetic I have showed you earlier.
This is assignment, right?
So online when anyone have the issue,
please let me know the guys who are there
online, any of you?
Hello.
No response.
OK, now hello.
Done. It's working fine for all of you.
Good. Good.
Thank you.
Hello.
That would be fine.
Fine, huh? Good. Good.
Yes, yes.
Yeah.
OK,
let's see the plus equal to minus equal
to example, right?
So here is I have commented this whole
stuff.
Done Sir, resolve your issue.
The slides, the slides. Oh,
it will be after. After this one class,
I will share. If you want right now,
I can share right now.
I'll show just a second. Hold on.
So this one you want just just a minute.
Where was that?
Got it? Uh.
Python for beginners, right?
Let me get this one.
We are working on right?
Should I share through the teams?
You can all do it right so.
You need not to not I I'm sharing.
So here is close it otherwise we're not
shared. Here is go. So this is your chat.
Oh, here it is.
Oh my God, you can just try.
I'm doing that.
Still going?
OK, what I will do is.
Let me just share it through the this one
WhatsApp here.
Here should be the option to share.
This is a good checked.
We can't. OK, I have another way to share.
Just a second.
Uh, let me write here.
Please give me a second.
This is your D1 right?
I will share the code.
I will share the code and this one.
Excuse me a minute all of you.
I'm sharing the both things that we have
done up to now.
So here the new I will write here D1.
D1 or let me write IMLD one.
Yes.
So.
Good.
There's a second I'm sharing.
So where we have to go to QPA, right? No,
I will share the link.
You can download directly from there.
To do anything that uh,
the thing I will do for the initial.
Uh, just you have to download.
Just wait a second.
I will give you the link you can download.
Uh, here is the open folder.
Hello and.
This is D drive, right? Right. D drive.
This is your.
We will.
For internal,
you need not to do this thing,
so I'm doing good we need.
And let me just.
It.
How do this one here?
And.
This our second.
Downloader downloads Python for.
So I will you will.
Means you guys can uh take this uh.
Call it comment.
It's pretty.
Mhm.
Sorry, by mistake it was disconnected.
Sorry for that. This is a I have shared.
Now we'll go here it.
Wish hyphen your origin master.
I'm done.
So here is.
See here. Oh,
I'm sharing the link through the chat.
Oh.
Morning dudes.
Check.
You can download from here.
This is the link you just click and you
can download.
You will get the code whatever we have
done up to now. Fine.
This is the all the code first by second
operators taking this thing and this is
the this PDF that we were working on.
So you can remember this link every day.
Whatever we'll do, we will upload.
over here and we will continue with this
discussion.
OK,
just click more pages you can download.
I.
Just automatically we push, push,
push and it will be there.
It's not come automatically because I
want that you will do the practice.
Sir.
I have a question.
Yes.
Uh.
Papa, we can open it through the link.
It.
This link the the link is there.
You can open and download fine.
Is it?
Oh, only open can download.
But but but.
Oh yeah.
Oh.
Uh huh.
Here it's download zip.
You click on this one download zip,
it will download it and then you can
unzip it OK.
Also, we can see right away.
We can see the fire the right way after.
Sorry.
You just you can just click on download
so it is start downloading. It is here.
You will open that folder and you just
right click here and you can click here
extract all. So this is extract.
And that's it.
Here is all the things you have, OK?
Uh, OK. OK. OK. Thank you, Sir.
You must welcome. Got it.
Fine. So in one click you can download.
Now let's come back to the point of
discussion, right?
Back to the back to the business, right?
Here is let open this VS code again.
Sorry.
Fine.
So now you have this PDF with you and the
forward as well.
If you have missed something you can take
from there.
So let's move to that one day one and
here in the operators. Fine.
So we have done up to this level.
Now we are going to discuss about this
plus equal to and minus equal to these
assignment operators.
There is not everything there in the PDF.
You have to do the practice as well,
right?
So here is we have declare for example,
let's say salary.
Oh, and salary I have right here 50,
050 thousand .50 right? It's not required.
So here you have right now we have right
here the bonus.
Bonus is equal to, let's say 5000.
.
60 This is the bonus right now we have
right here. So print.
Salary.
Here the salary.
And bonus.
Here is the bonus.
Fine.
Then what I do is I have right here
salary.
Plus equal to bonus.
Here is print.
Salary with the bonus.
We have right here the salary.
OK.
So plus equal to do what what it will do,
it will add the.
Amount in this one salary plus this one.
So what it means?
It means let me write the meaning of this
line here. It means salary.
Equal to salary.
Plus bonus.
This is the meaning of this line plus
equal to. Got it.
Plus equal to means it's plus the thing
in this one and put it there. Got it.
So this one salary plus equal to means
salary equal to salary plus bonus.
You got it.
Plus equal to means all of you.
Now we will go here.
View Terminal.
We will light here.
Python.
Uh, with the name operators.
Operators.py.
So we'll see salary is 50,000,
bonus is 5000, salary with bonus is 55,
001.1.
Clear. Do it.
Then.
OK.
Easy, busy. It's easy, right?
And my wife is coming.
Does he second let me resolve his issue?
What happened?
Speak English.
Cleaning salary and.
Mm.
Thanks.
Yeah.
It's been.
No,
because this just is starting after
sometimes you will be.
Bro.
Then you will not forget a little anyway.
Done. No. One question. What's your name?
Hello.
Chicken be how to spell.
Which is chicken.
So see here I I'm going to ask you one
question. No, if I pronounce it's wrong,
you can correct me, right?
You can reach me.
So control KC because you know different
country, different language,
different kind of names, whichever.
Anyway, control.
See why I have asked your name?
Because I'm going to ask you one question.
Control C So if you know the name then
it's good too.
Communicate right the chicken here is I
have right this one.
All of you see control KU uncommon.
This is salary. This is let's say.
TDS text kind of things, right? TDS is.
10 percent, 5 percent, 5%, so salary.
Into how much? 10 percent 0.10, right?
So print salary and TDS is.
That's tedious.
OK.
Salary after tax.
So.
Second,
this line #16 I want to change that it
will deduct the TDs and display the
salary after this one.
So what I should write here on line #17?
This is the question.
Just just minus equal to minus equal to
what?
Absolutely correct.
So this is minus equal to TDs.
What this means? It means this one. OK,
so the minus equal to will do the same.
It will minus from that one. Got it.
So that's the thing.
This is one more example we have done
here.
And see.
This one I have not done.
Second I have done for you this example,
right? You have done it for them, right?
Now she's teaching to you, right?
So now here salary is this much and the
TDs is this much after tax. This is the.
Thank got it.
This is assignment.
These are under the these operators we
are discussing right now.
So the assignment is equal to and plus
equal to minus equal to.
So the third one we also have done equal
to means just equal assigning the value.
The this textbook also I have shared with
you this PPT also I have shared with you
right open with Adobe reader.
So this one we just this is kind of stuff
we are discussing here.
Uh, where will be?
So few things I will take you later on.
Right now I am going to teach you this
thing. So we we have done the number two.
This is assignment operator. OK.
After this we will go to the number three
that is comparison operator.
If you want to compare two things that is
known as.
Comparison operator.
So up to two we have done any doubt
question if you have you can ask.
Got it.
This is the day number one.
After this I will start asking you the
questions as well.
Vince exercises as well, right?
But I don't get there is a one day.
We just now this this -1 you have not get
it. This will be at upon us.
Because because what? OK,
you already did one.
So I just want to know that you put like
a salary plus equals bonus and then you
put hashtag salary, salary plus bonus.
What? What is the?
This one,
this one is just to explain you means
salary means salary plus equal to bonus
means we are going to add the bonus in
the salary and assigning to the salary
bag. So I have to put in the budget too.
Is that necessary?
This one, this line. Yes. No, no,
it's not necessary.
This one is just to make you understand
what the meaning of this line.
I you have to write only this much I OK
and here also this one is not necessary
because I'm teaching you just to make you
understand just to.
Remind you later on the meaning of this
line is this.
The meaning of this line was that OK that
I have just removed.
I I think so it's help when you have
programming or all these comments or
people coming later they understand why.
Yes absolutely comment means we are
writing the comment just.
To make our code the explain our code
fine.
So if someone else read out your code,
he can understand what that means and let
me write here.
Meaning of the slide.
Right. That's it. I mean,
so I'll give this balance.
That means this, right?
But it is tough to.
Digest this one is simple,
so it's up to you.
Done.
So we now let's move to the comparison
operator.
You want to do this comparison between
two things for something.
So the comparison operator will return
you true or false.
If you'll compare two things,
it will return you.
True or false? To do that,
we need to understand the if as well if
else, right? So let's start.
So I'm going to discuss the comparison
operator plus the if else with you.
The next hit song.
Should I write here?
Done up to this level.
Fine. Should we start the comparison?
No is the comparison operators.
I'll paste it.
Is comparison operate?
Fine,
we are going to discuss now the
comparison operator.
See here before I will start the
comparison operator,
I will show you here we write if here we
write condition.
If the condition is true,
this part will execute.
Code will later the code.
This code will execute if the condition
is false.
Else.
I'll write here the code that will
execute and let me write here.
Control case. So this is.
If the condition is true,
this part will execute.
If the condition is false,
this part will execute, right?
So for example here I'm writing over here,
let's say.
Page.
I have right here input.
Enter your age.
We are taking the age of the person who
is using this program, right?
And we have right here if.
Age.
Greater than equal to.
This is the comparison operator.
Which one we are using?
This one greater than equal to.
Fine or greater.
Let's see we have used greater than equal
to.
If the age is equal to or greater 18
years, 18 I have right.
If this is the case, we have print.
Print.
You are.
Eligible to cast your vote.
We have right here and.
See here indentation is also important.
Indent is also important.
You're right if then you have to write
one tab and then you can write this.
This is call it if this is the condition
is true.
If the condition is true,
then this part will execute.
If the condition is false,
then else part will execute.
We have rate here.
Else let me show you without IELTS.
First of all this one.
If it is this condition is met then it
will show you you are eligible to cast
your vote otherwise and nothing right?
So here is.
We'll go here view terminal.
Here I have right.
Let me clear the screen first of all CLS.
Here is Python operators dot P enter age.
I have entered the age 21 so you are
eligible to cast your vote.
If your age is 18 years or more than that
then you can participate to cast the vote.
Say if I have right CLS,
I have run it again and I have right here
12. So here is nothing.
If you want the in the nothing case also
you want something so you can write here
else.
Here's the colon you can write here.
After all you write print.
You are not eligible.
Eligible.
To cost.
Your vote. You have to wait.
Let me explain one more time this thing.
What is it?
We are going to take the age of the user,
right?
And here is the comparison operator
greater than equal to.
If the age is greater than equal to 18,
it will return you true.
What it will return true?
So if it is true then it will display you
are eligible to cast your vote.
If it is false then it will display you
are not eligible to cast your vote.
You have to wait fine and at the end we
have read this print.
End of program.
And off.
Program.
Oh, just this one.
So if this condition is true,
then this part will execute.
If this condition is false,
then this part will execute. Got it?
Yes or no?
Yes, but but it's too much, huh? No, see,
I will. I will show you.
Sir, I have a question.
Yeah, sure, you can ask.
Uh, about the intent?
How to in the intent?
OK, good. See here.
Here is one question he is asking how you
have done this indent thing.
Let me write it again for all of you.
It's fine.
I'm writing again the same code just to
show you the things. Should I write again?
OK,
I have commented this one and I'm writing
it for you again just to show you.
I'm writing here age is equal to.
We have right here int we want to take
from the user input.
Here is enter.
Your age.
So whatever the age user have entered,
we have assigned to this age.
We have right here if age here we are
right greater than equal to 18 and we are
right this colon and then you just enter.
From here you press the enter.
You need not to worried about the
indentation.
You write here enter so it will
automatically put it to here right?
You have right here print.
You have right here you are.
You are eligible.
To cost your vote fine and then you will
go here this line the if and else in will
be in the same way.
So you are right as you are right colon.
Enter you have right here print.
You are not eligible.
Fine. And then you will write here print.
And off.
Program. Is it clear now?
Yes, who is asking indentation?
Is it fine?
No, yes,
but you see like right after the evening
else there's a space there. What?
What do I press that to get that space?
Mhm.
So you you can press the tab.
If you are going to the that line you can
Tab OK.
press the tab that is space will come out
or if you are writing from colon you
Oh.
press enter it's automatically give you
the space.
Otherwise if you are in the same line you
can press one tab.
Oh.
OK.
For example you have rated this way right?
So you press one tab so it will be here.
Got it. There's no significant watch,
so I worry the problem.
I mean just to make it clear. Yes,
absolutely.
Thank you, Sir.
If you are writing in the same line,
it will give you that, right?
You press the tab, it will be OK.
Thank you.
Welcome.
Weather.
Fine.
Now this is 1 logical operator you have
used here.
The logical operator is greater than
equal to.
If this number is greater than equal to
18 then it will be true and if it is not.
Then it will be false and it will show
you this stuff. Here we go view terminal.
And.
You have run it again age.
I have rate here 34 so you are eligible
to pass the vote.
For example this time I have rate 12 so
this you are not eligible to pass the
vote.
I have showed you both the things right
right.
OK.
So done.
The most.
Done. I love you.
Please complete.
Was he? What about you done?
If it is too cold,
you can just increase that this
temperature.
Finally you can take the remote and you
can increase.
Excuse I have been that's that's so cold.
It's yours because the outside it's
raining might be due to that.
Your sisters. Your sisters. No, no.
OK.
You are ordering like that only like the
elder sister do.
That's good. OK, that's fine.
Just kidding, huh?
Anyway, uh.
So this is greater than equal to.
Similarly we can use the less than equal
to so if it is less.
For example.
You are right here.
Let's see. Uh.
Marks percentage or something?
Mugs.
Here it is.
And.
Input.
Let me just do different. OK,
input here is.
Enter marks.
Percentage.
Without.
Percent sign.
So if you want to show this one.
Without percent sign.
So if you want something that have the
meaning,
you have to write in single quotes that
one. So here is.
Uh.
Here is what we will do if you go out
marks.
Less than.
30%.
We are right here.
Print.
It will take some.
And.
So.
It is less.
What's your name?
Yes, yes. Shami. Shami. Shami. Yeah,
Shamir. Shamir. OK, how to spell S what?
EWN by N Shamir. Shamir.
So uh.
You have write this code OK.
Here is if I enter 3030 exact 30,
what will be output?
If someone get the 30,
what will be output? He is pass or fail?
30 I'm not asking 31, I'm not asking 29.
I'm asking about 30.
30 What will be the result? Fail or pass?
Clear pass.
What do you say? What's your name?
What do you say?
Huh. That's fine. Plus. Plus.
6.
OK, we'll go here view.
Terminal.
View terminal you will write here CLS
here is Python operators.
We have entered 30 so clear the exam
because we have seen less.
Less than 30. If less than 30, he is fail.
If you are at 29 here, so he is fail.
If you're at 30, more than 30,
that is false.
Why? Why you didn't see password here?
I have read clear and uh.
Clear the exam and no,
I have not run the program.
That's why it's OK. So here's the Python.
You have rate 30 and we have rate here 35.
Clear the and see that's it was like this.
Fine.
So we have to run it inside the program.
Here is the we have rate the 30.
Cleared the exam. I have run it again.
I have rate for 22 fail.
I have rate again.
I have right here 45.
So in case of this one if you are not
right plus equal to so it will just check
less than or greater than.
If you write equal to also it will.
Fail on 30 as well, right?
Clip.
So less than greater than greater than
means greater than this one greater than
equal to.
These are known as comparison operator
not equal to.
Here is one more not equal to.
Fine, let me show you not equal to.
So first we'll do this one.
Then.
OK, not equal to.
Should I show you not equal to?
Uh, here it is.
Then up to this level, yes or no?
Done this this program online one all of
you done.
With those head up. OK, thank you.
So now uh.
Let's see here is not equal to one
example.
Here we have entered here we have declare
1 access code.
Access code is equal to.
I have rate.
WES ES12.
So this is the access code WES12 fine.
Here we are right.
For example, this is the access code 1-2,
right? So we want to do that.
We want to check here. I'm writing here.
Texas code.
Input.
Enter access code.
Whatever user have entered,
we have assigned to this one.
We are right if access code not equal to.
WES 12.
If it is not this one.
We have right here print.
Wrong password.
Or invalid.
Is.
Access.
Oh.
Else.
Welcome to your course.
Fine. So we have an access code.
We are asking to the user the access code.
If the access code not equal to the given
one, whatever you have given.
So we have rate no not allowed otherwise
allowed, right?
Yeah.
So this one is also the comment, right?
If you don't want to write it,
it's also fine. Fine.
Enter the access code.
The access code is not equal to VS12,
so invalid access code.
Otherwise welcome to your course.
So we have an access code that is VES12.
If it is not, did not equal to.
Thank you.
I'm not writing the force.
Hello, what's your name? Shabina. Shabina,
you're not writing the code.
Good.
OK, you will learn it.
After this I will ask you one question,
right?
One simple exercise that you guys have to
do fine to check whether you have
understand what we have done up to now or
not. View terminal, right?
He's smiling.
Access code I have right here something
something. So here is invalid access code.
I have run it again.
This time I write the same BES 1/2.
Welcome to our calls.
Welcome to your course.
Right, if you want some sort of.
The space in between so you can write
this way also.
So here is view terminal.
Access code VES 1-2.
Right.
If not equal to this one something else
you have right then it will say you
invalid access code.
Can check that one as well.
Here is I have read something VER 2/1.
Sorry.
You have it exact same not equal to we
have use.
What do we want to? It's not it's not.
OK.
Oh, oh.
No, it's basically.
It should be exact same without any space
if you read the.
Not equally.
I know that's an issue,
so that it will be equal to.
We will do it assignment, right? No, no,
you have to use double equal to,
double equal to.
See here you're saying if you want the
access port is equal to.
You want to write the reverse.
The reverse of this one is like this
control C control KCI have commented.
I want the just reverse of this one
control V So this is.
Equal to double equal to you have right
so invalid access code.
DW Print.
Ask for new.
Access code.
And see if.
OK.
So this is just the reverse of this one
else.
Fine is equal to if you want to write
this one so you can write in the reverse
order also.
So you want to this thing control X in
the reverse order you want right?
You have it invalid access code here.
You have right here, just the reverse, OK.
Don't see me, of course. Fine.
So this is in the reverse.
If you want in the reverse one,
this way you want, right?
You can write this way.
This is not equal to. This is equal to.
If access code is equal to,
welcome to our course,
otherwise invalid access code, right?
It's up to you whatever way you want.
Exclamation means not equal to,
not equal to. This is not equal to.
This is equal to. Let me write here.
Means not equal to.
And here it is.
Let me write this one for you.
Equal to equal to means.
Good.
Go.
This is comparison operators.
Thanks.
Excel.
Cancel.
Thank you.
That's also.
Yeah.
Yes, you have raised the hand.
Hello.
Your is done.
Want to or something?
Misha, you have read that? No, I think.
I think. I think.
I think I I I accidentally. I don't know.
I didn't want that.
Just lower the hand down.
We'll click the hand again. Oh, sorry.
It was lower. Sorry. Sorry. No,
I thought someone from there anyway.
So that's why just to remember your name
is beneficial anyway.
Done this one. All of you.
OK.
Logical operator 4th one.
End or not?
Logical open.
Logical operator.
Here is to see physics.
Months.
Int dot int input.
Enter marks.
Obtained in.
Physics.
Vidics.
Here is chemistry marks, CHE marks.
End.
Let me put.
Under marks.
Obtained.
And.
Chemistry.
Matt Moss.
And.
Input.
Enter marks.
Obtained and.
And we have taken the marks in three
subjects. One is physics,
one is chemistry, one is math, right?
Now we have right here if.
Marks. Mad Marks.
Greater than equal to.
Let's say we want 55 in this math.
Send.
Physics marks greater than 12 to 50.
End.
Chemistry marks greater than equal to,
let's say.
50.
Or.
5060.
Print.
You are eligible.
2.
Sit.
In.
Hence.
You can't.
What is he played?
Right.
So this one is the criteria. For example,
you have to go to the math in greater
than equal to 50,
physics greater than equal to 50 and
chemistry greater than equal to 60. Fine.
In maths you must have the greater than
equal to 55 and physics greater than 50.
And this condition is and and means all
the condition must met and means all the
condition to to more than that whatever
is and means everything should be true
111.
Is only one. If both is 11 then it won.
If one is 01 is 0 then it's also false.
If it is both are zero that also false.
Fine. You know that 1101.
1000 So all the condition is false,
just only the condition where everything
is true, then it will be true.
In end case means everything must be true.
Means you must have the more than 55% in
math,
you must have more than 50 in physics you
must.
Have more than 60 in chemistry, right?
I think you guys should write 50 in math
and 55 in physics, right?
Physics is required, not math or MVVS,
right? Search in the criteria. All right,
no, it's not the real one, just.
Suppose what these bio kids don't know
the math.
It is logical operator.
Sir.
Yes.
I have a question.
Sure.
What's the different when you put physic
marks equals to INT and then parenthesis
Hello.
input?
But like for example for comparison
comparison operator you just write each
and then equals to input and then the
titles.
But this one you put physic equals to INT
and then do you get my question?
The logical operators.
Sorry, come again, come again.
I'm extremely sorry what you are asking.
OK,
in comparison operators you're writing H
and then equals to input and then the
title inside inside but the logical
Mm-hmm.
operators physic mark equals to INT
parenthesis input.
See see see in that one also I have used
int. See here I have used here int.
Why not just input?
What makes the difference?
Int means integer.
We are comparing the value in the integer
format.
We want this number right?
So we have used this int.
Int is compared to.
If you do not use int it will consider as
a string right?
So this is for converting the value to
integer X convertible to int.
OK,
convert a number or a string to an
integer. That's why we have used it.
Got it.
Oh, OK. OK. Thank you, Sir.
You're most welcome.
See you. I'm resolving one issue,
so you have to close it here.
It's physics marks.
And then you would like to.
Oh, because he means PSAT, right? Right,
right.
If with this one no else you have to
write this intent is important to OK.
This one should be. Yeah. Oh,
I mean the the spacing is very. Yes, yes,
yes. No, it's fine.
I see.
OK, sure. See here all of you.
Then this one.
So what you will do is you will run this
one Python operators dot PY enter OK
access code.
Let me just comment to this part.
OK, because that one we already have done,
we know we don't want to run it again.
Kill the terminal delete. Oh,
here is view terminal.
OK, uh, here it is. You can run it again.
Uh, to run what we write, we write Python.
Then we will write our file name.
The file name is.
Raters dot PY enter so now.
Now you will like enter marks in physics
or if you want to make it more user
friendly you can write this way.
Also here is colon tab or colon space,
just one space to be open.
Here is space. Here is space.
There go view terminal.
Uh, let me kill it again. View terminal.
Uh.
Operators.
dot Pi here is enter marks obtain in
physics.
For example in physics here I got 55,
in chemistry here I got the chemistry got
the 40 and in math.
Hey, Cortana.
80.
So you have not go to the required marks.
Fine. You have not got the requirements.
Even you have got now this one.
I've read it again.
Enter marks in physics.
So you have entered, let's say 56.
In chemistry 58 and in maths 78.
So you have not got the required marks.
I have run it here in the physics.
See I get 65 in chemistry 50.
Chemistry is how much we need 50.
Chemistry we need 60.
So here it's create 67 in maths here I'll
get 53 or 54.
So you are eligible to sit in the
pre-exam of MVBS. Fine.
So if he or she fulfills the criteria.
Then only it will do so this is.
Sorry, I don't get scroll up.
Terminal.
I.
Oh.
Get the number is all more than since
they give you the but but it's not
working. Huh.
You say greater than equal to,
greater than equal to,
greater than equal to.
You have read less than equal to or
greater than equal to.
OK, OK, I will check. I will check.
I will check folder.
Let me check our code.
Huh. Second dumper. All exceeding,
but still not edible, yeah.
The one that it is able and the second
example is all exceeding the marks,
but it's still saying not eligible. No,
where it's it's showing eligible.
See here. Why are you saying that?
I don't get it. See here.
I think they are missing the same thing.
Hey, hey, hey, here.
See, you want eligible thing, right?
I will show you. See here.
I have run this one right.
I think I thought that you are asking
about your code. My my code is correct.
See here. Here we go.
Under marks obtained in physics. Fine.
So in physics for example,
he have entered 57,
so greater than 57 is correct. Fine.
In chemistry he have entered,
let's say 65, fine.
And in mathematics he have got,
let's say 53.
Fine.
You are you are eligible to sit in pre
exam of MBBS. It's correct.
OK.
Not less than, greater than.
Maths greater than equal to 50.
This is this is math equal to 50.
You greater than.
It should be greater than.
What you are thinking?
You have not write the code. It's correct.
It's only that because the way you write
it is the chemistry.
But in terms of logic, it's not you put.
Yeah, Max first and then it's fine.
Whatever you will write, that's.
You want me to write this one first?
You can write this. I don't know. It's OK.
You want in the same order.
So order is not important. Yeah, I am.
The thing is it's good if we are make
this way. So order is not important.
It will take the value to store the value
and from there it will take.
Here is whatever the order.
That's not necessary.
You will take in the same order that you
have read in the logic. OK,
but if you want I can write it here.
This is math and physics and chemistry,
but order is not important.
It's perfectly fine earlier also and this
time also under marks in this one.
The same way you can write.
Now it will ask for math first,
then it will ask for chemistry,
then then physics, then chemistry.
You were a bit terrible to your order.
OK.
All good.
End of the day, not end of the day.
Now it's your turn, huh?
First day, you know we get.
I get the idea about this.
No see in first day.
If you guys able to connect,
that means I'm successful, right?
The day one,
if you are able to connect a bit with
this one means you you are able to
connect how what the things we are doing,
how we are writing,
what are the file name,
how we are compiling.
If this much also you have learned today,
that's enough for me because.
Gradually you will understand each and
every how to write the code, this, that.
So at least this part you all should know
today. You all know, right? Yeah,
this much. So that's the thing.
This is the that's why I told you I have
started it very from very basic.
From very basic from the scratch from
zero,
you can say -1 from where I have started.
So then you know that zero line 0123
decimal lines,
you know 0123 and that side -1 -, 2 -, 3.
I don't know, Matt. OK, fine.
Number lines, you know, number lines.
There's a number lines.
You have 0 and the left hand side is
minus and the right hand side is plus,
right, you know.
It will be my English is not that good,
huh? OK.
Oh.
Yes.
Oh.
Yes,
this one is and let's see or and note
both.
Sure this one is logical operator and
example we have done.
You want or note as well, right?
OK.
We'll see or.
Here it is.
ID proof.
We are right here input.
Online team, what about you?
Everything is fine up to now.
Is everything fine?
Just thank you. Great. No,
I want to all of you also be engaged,
OK.
right?
So because they are physically available
here, so that's why I'm asking you once.
So here is ID proof.
Enter.
ID proof.
You have.
Here we have rate.
If.
ID proof.
For example,
we want to allow only these things if ID
proof is equal to.
122.
Passport.
Or.
ID proof.
Let me write 4. Sorry,
other language will come out or ID proof.
Is equal to equal to.
Let's say DL driving license.
BL.
Or.
Any other ID proof you guys have?
Any other?
Huh. Voter ID, huh?
Voter ID.
I have write 3.
You can write more if you want.
Just three I have write. Here is print.
Valued.
ID.
We accept.
Yes.
Else.
Only.
Passport.
DL.
And what writing?
On.
Accepted.
As.
ID proof.
And.
I do proof.
Is not valid ID here.
That's it.
Do you want to check the ID proof?
If you have the passport,
you have the DL or you have the voter ID.
So we'll say a valid ID. We accept here,
right? Whatever out of these three.
Hence only passport DL and voter ID are
accepted as identity proof.
So this is or either you have passport or
DL or voter ID.
Any of these if any of these is.
You have. If any of the condition is true,
it is true.
If none of these means all of these false,
then it will be false only, right?
Out of three,
if any of the things you have,
this is known as or got it.
This is odd.
Or means any of the condition is true
means true.
And the example I already have told you
this is the example right?
See if you have any of the ID proof,
any of this voter ID,
either passport or the this one DL.
So it is a valid if you have student ID
this that that is not acceptable.
Only these three.
The common name or is both.
Sorry or or means any of these condition
is true. If this one is true,
if this one is true, if this one is true,
the the complete condition will be true
or means either this.